Added azure 15.1.1 release (#769)
giantswarm/releases: azure/v15.1.1/announcement.md

> **Workload cluster release v15.1.1 for Azure** is now available. This is a bugfix release that solves a bug that prevented clusters to be successfully created on new organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Workload cluster release v15.1.1 for Azure** is now available. This is a bugfix release that solves an issue preventing clusters to be successfully created on new organizations.
```
